README.md, before:

# SSJ (Sukhoi SuperJet 100)

for FlightGear Flightsimulator by Herbert Wagner

**************************************************

Update Herbert Wagner 2018 (schamangerbert, HerbyW)

FDM adjustments
3D Model modifications
Animations added
Multiplayer animations fixed
Yasim FDM to current version updated
Cockpit Autopilot to working stadium modified
Slats added in the 3D-Model and in the FDM

License: CC (Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0) )
Installation: unzip and rename folder to "SSJ", then copy into the aircraft folder.

https://github.com/HerbyW/SSJ

*************************************************


FGUK's Sukhoi SuperJet 100
--------------------------

http://www.fgukmedia.co.uk/index.php/hangar/viewdownload/10-civil-jets/384-superjet-100



***

ReadMe file for SSJ-100 1.0A-CNA


****************************************************
-------------------Take Note------------------------
****************************************************
-Download the latest package from www.unitedfreeworld.com



****************************************************
             About This Package
****************************************************
-Released under creative commons lic
-This readme file should remain intact without any modifications



****************************************************
-------------------IMPORTANT------------------------
****************************************************

What you need to know? - Weight
This aircraft may seem "Heavy" for some, until you get used to it.So please handle with care.

What you need to know? -Take off
Engage some amount of flaps (ie press ] twice on your keyboard) , disable parking brakes (shift+b) , increase throttle to full.
Run down the runway, adjust steering if needed using your rudder and pull up when you reach around 150kts. 
Please check your fuel level before takeoffs.


Final Word..
"Enjoy your flight captains"

Regards,
xsaint
www.unitedfreeworld.com
www.cresdernixrof.com
Sep 2011

Notice:
Please keep this package free from commercial distributions (it is not intended for commercial packaging).As this was developed using some 777-200ER files, Creative Common rights are retained as per syd's 777 package.

Commit message:

Now Rembrandt ready, new lights for taxi, landing and navigation, some updates to the AP and systems

README.md, after:

# SSJ (Sukhoi SuperJet 100)

for FlightGear Flightsimulator by Herbert Wagner

**************************************************

Update Herbert Wagner 2018 (schamangerbert, HerbyW)

FDM adjustments
3D Model modifications
Animations added
Multiplayer animations fixed
Yasim FDM to current version updated
Cockpit Autopilot to working stadium modified
Slats added in the 3D-Model and in the FDM
Rmbrandt ready
Landing and taxi light models and animations
Navigation lights

License: CC (Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0) )
Installation: unzip and rename folder to "SSJ", then copy into the aircraft folder.

https://github.com/HerbyW/SSJ

*************************************************


FGUK's Sukhoi SuperJet 100
--------------------------

http://www.fgukmedia.co.uk/index.php/hangar/viewdownload/10-civil-jets/384-superjet-100



***

ReadMe file for SSJ-100 1.0A-CNA


****************************************************
-------------------Take Note------------------------
****************************************************
-Download the latest package from www.unitedfreeworld.com



****************************************************
             About This Package
****************************************************
-Released under creative commons lic
-This readme file should remain intact without any modifications



****************************************************
-------------------IMPORTANT------------------------
****************************************************

What you need to know? - Weight
This aircraft may seem "Heavy" for some, until you get used to it.So please handle with care.

What you need to know? -Take off
Engage some amount of flaps (ie press ] twice on your keyboard) , disable parking brakes (shift+b) , increase throttle to full.
Run down the runway, adjust steering if needed using your rudder and pull up when you reach around 150kts. 
Please check your fuel level before takeoffs.


Final Word..
"Enjoy your flight captains"

Regards,
xsaint
www.unitedfreeworld.com
www.cresdernixrof.com
Sep 2011

Notice:
Please keep this package free from commercial distributions (it is not intended for commercial packaging).As this was developed using some 777-200ER files, Creative Common rights are retained as per syd's 777 package.
